# Summary of Talk

### - Roots of Polynomial:
I will be starting by talking about one of the most basic problems in mathematics, finding the roots of a polynomial. And how there can't be a formula for roots of polynomials with degree five or above, and moreover why we do not actually need it because we already have methods to approximate roots to whichever precision required. After which I will introduce the Newton's method of approximating roots, which is also known as the Newton-Raphson method. This method requires the function's derivative to exist, which is always the case for polynomials. I will be using diagrams to show how this method works and discuss the cases where this method fails.

### - Newton's Method in Complex Plane:
Now, using that same formula for approximating roots, when applied to each point in the complex plane and giving that point a colour based on which root it converges to is what makes the mind blowing fractal shapes. To help visualise this better I will be starting with limited number of points on the plane and seeing to which roots they converge and then gradually making a picture of high resolution. 

### - Why does this make such complicated figure?
After seeing the figures generated the questions comes, why does it have to be so complicated? So I will be going over the boundary property for this type of fractal, which will give a strong intuition of why these figures have to look like the way they do. For example in the case of polynomial p(x) = x^3 - 1, which has three roots (1, i, -i), the boundary of this diagram would be such that it contains all points that converges to all three roots, so in our figure we will never be able to find a circle that contains just the points that converges to only two of the roots, no matter how small the circle is there will always be points converging to each of the roots.

### - FractPy
In this section I'll be talking about the python library that my team and I developed for our University project - FractPy. This open-source library helps to plot Newton Fractals for any polynomial of give configuration. I will be giving a demo of the code and also the algorithm used in the code and how each of the adjustable parameter can affect the fractal image we get. Also, being an open source library I will talk on how FractPy can be further improved and what other types of fractal generating algorithms could be added. 